The first tool we'll go over is called MetaMask.
MetaMask allows the users on your website to do action choosing
their own wallets without providing
their private keys for us to do actions on their behalf.
It also gives users more transparency on what transactions are being made,
based on their interactions with the website.
Let's go ahead and add MetaMask support to our Star notary service.
MetaMask currently works as a Chrome plugin extension or as part of the Brave browser.
We'll go ahead and use Chrome and install MetaMask as a plugin.
Since we'll keep using our Ganache look with Ethereum network, we'll set MetaMask.
We received praises given to us when we first launched Ganache.
Please note, to never use the seed phrase
generated by Ganache as your real main net wallet.
This is because the seed phrase generation in Ganache is not random,
and other users might have access to your main wallet if created this way.
Also note, that whenever we start our Ganache network,
we have to redeploy our smart contracts and update the new contract addressing our code.
I want us to use MetaMask.
We'll only need a few modifications or JavaScript code.
We'll need to learn MetaMask to inject its own Web3.js object.
We will also replace logic,
setting in default account.
Instead, we'll ask the Web3 object what accounts are available and take the top one,
as that's the one that we use to select MetaMask.
If we want MetaMask to work properly is [inaudible] ,
will have to host your web page on a local server.
To do that, we'll simply use http-server.
Type npm install -g hp - server.
The navigate to the working directory for the scores,
where the index HTML file is and type http-server.
The serial web page now on localhost:8080.
Let's see how our user interactions change.
As you can see, now the end-user has
a lot more flexibility and visibility into how their actions.
They're actually Ethereum blockchain.
We can now change accounts to MetaMask and see you that that affects our results as well.
Next, we'll explore another great tool called Truffle,
that'll greatly help us with tests near a smart contract code.